[Music]
hey folks welcome to the 2017 Miami
International folks sure now we found
something really cool here it's called a
sea station GPS anchoring system it has
three different modes we're in the first
one right now all you have to do is
press a button and the boat will hold
itself in position and allow the boat to
find its most comfortable heading and
just sit there and stay putt without you
doing a thing this system is available
with the optimist 360 joystick control
what's really interesting is if I want
to just hold your station there are two
other features they're really very
usable in real-world situations
first off I've just hit button C now
what that does is it maintains our
heading to plus or minus ten degrees but
allows the boat to drift with a wind you
can probably see a shoreline behind me
slowly going but this is excellent per
se if your drift fishing maybe your kite
fishing you want to maintain your
heading which you want to allow the boat
to move so that's two out of the three
functions we've seen the boat hold its
position we've seen the boat hold its
direction you can also press both
buttons and engage it and have both
functions at the same time that's your
third function that holds your position
and your direction it really is a very
comprehensive method of controlling the
boat when you don't even have to work
the throttles or touch the helm
bori insurance acting knighted marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters